he became she was headed for the new car from outside lopez and toast or
by mail and a lot
of a fine of late is true thousands of people were yesterday in the square
tancredo neves dos santos
is another edition of the popular contest
operate said he expected the cars to be parked improvised
many of the city's largest museum collections are now enjoying an evening of
glory said
the word difference only exists in the journal queue
when women were on one side
the boys of others
the moment of weighing
from then on everyone very mixed
She felt very hot after being in the family.
to understand a party
very little there
the size of tradition denies stages
tragically imagine
big screens so the crowd can very well show
We wait all year round.
to shine
or only win
with applause from people ana paula won three times the contest was
excited
but names that Patricia freitas
who has passed lipstick several times to brighten a hope it so far
no one appeared that the pain I do not know how this happens in practice
need to generate in this period
give that touch to what will compose students
all this is maria eduarda already did
and results
2000 2002 2007 and 2009
were the years in which he reigned in power and at 35 years old makes him feel on the beach
of the state's flecheiras
'all against all' I confess that they want to be received
resist to have had little until now
what I meant
if you win the contest
better still the owners of the fluttering and performative wig
amadeus subscribed rows
seven years ago a 28 year old boy
katia karão
a character so famous in the night of the city
You know exactly
what each competitor must do when stepping on the stage has to know k
to make it never have many brings too much brightness I know what I went through
confidence and was on the stage the inscriptions could be made until the
last minute
in this dispute
to participate
nothing wrong information and alecsandro
the public was prepared over time
the games people known nationally for raising the flag of diversity
valentini what do you say about bbb?
eight years of road like swine flu
on the fringe a party provided
so many people in the middle of the city carnival
this takes a mission
activity happens
the mayor stressed that the diversity team of any city in Brazil
they had to mirror
notified in the main to 9 years plus years
the half-tower
but dora
was to end the presentation of the team
and there they were right side and some
fantasized with that touch of controversy that can not be missed
a three-day party
the religions
to amd new countries and very bright
decision
the competitors have finally arrived a stick
the business card about 35 thousand people here in the square tancredo neves
finally now
begins
the pop rock
in 2011
are two categories in competition
tavares pine
when competing with transvestite
and even those who are not
when he's a man who does all the production there
with a very own style
of Europe give birth to their first child
appeared also the futurist
little world that was crazy to fly away
The schoolgirl was present
he gave the air of grace
had everything
and what would be the criteria for the jury to point out the winners, I think
very sensuality beauty
then came a fun and joy they are the criteria
arshavin was chosen the gaúcha maria eduarda with the contax and aphrodite the search
of beauty as the pilot ingo
junior also from rio grande do sul
andré de azevedo
the comadre group i mounted on the colorful of the magic of active
he who after six participations managed to win for the first time
feels
for many years that I feel wronged and it is the first time
vinci
this is as heavy as less you know how to deal with this new information
because to me is a great victory was the 18th
are of a party that every year drags a crowd
here for almost two decades
is acclaimed as the most traditional of the city's carnival
alfredo schmitt
andrea
there
about 40 thousand people
accompanied the traditional gay pop contest held there in a
florianópolis
in its 18th edition the event is one of the most awaited in the carnival of the capital
Santa Catarina
besides jones
and tails of drag queens
an anthill brought a lot of electronic music in a presentation of the
three lock sure
more than twenty candidates walked on the catwalk in front of the
legislative Assembly
they disputed the title in two categories
franklin medellin
for the sixth time the gaúcha maria eduarda venturine conquered the band in
worst category
with so much more reflective heartburn he wants to have won the first place as drag
queens
formal rosette for being one of the biggest public successes in the local carnival
party began almost two decades ago on a street in the center of the city and
grew every year
hundreds of families accompany the competition
who won
is a site promotion
Ana
in this older age group